[Music]
gee Monica what's in the bag
I don't know Chandler let's take a look
ah it's like a skit why it's dinner for
six five steaks and an eggplant for
Phoebe
yeah we switch meat suppliers at work
and the new guys gave me the steaks is
sort of a thank you but wait there's
more hey Chandler what is in that
envelope by the way this didn't seem so
dorky out in the hall come on why it's
six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish
the Blowfish it's on us all right so
don't worry this is our treat so thank
you could you be less enthused look it's
a nice gesture it is but it just feels
like like charity charity whoops we're
just trying to do a nice thing here to
understand your nice thing makes us feel
about this big actually it makes us feel
that big I don't understand I mean it's
like we can't win with you guys yeah I
mean if you guys feel this big maybe
that's not our fault maybe that's just
how you feel
oh now you're telling us how we feel hey
we never should have talked about this
all right I'm gonna pass on the concert
cuz I'm just not in a very Hootie place
right now
we need them meet two guys
we bought the tickets well then you'll
have extra seats you know for all your
tiaras and stuff why did you look at me
when you said that
I guess now we can't go what can you do
what you want to do what we always have
to do everything together you know what
you're right fine fine fine fine fine
all right we're gonna go